<S1B-078 Staff meeting><I><S1B-078$A> <#> Okay <#> So <#> We 'll start <#> There was no action sheet for the last day so I just went down through the minutes to see was there anything uhm that needed to be followed up <#> The <,> just the dysphagia policy was to be altered <#> Did anyone know about that<S1B-078$B> <#> Oh yes <#> <unclear> several sylls </unclear> <#> That was just to be put in about contacting pharmacy<S1B-078$A> <#> Pharmacy yeah <#> That was all <,> <#> That 's all <#> Uhm equipment <,> <#> Amplifiers <,> Maria was to talk to Jim O'Connor<S1B-078$C> <#> Yes uhm I still have to do that so yeah <&> laughs </&><S1B-078$A> <#> Mhm <#> And the other thing was the swallow screening test to see how that was going with the training<S1B-078$C> <#> Uh yeah that 's going well <#> We 've had two people every day apart from last Monday uhm <,> and we 're not doing any more now until the sixth <#> I 've put out a bit of a rota as well uhm <,> you know to try and get people done <#> There 's eight more <.> pe </.> eight more nurses to be done in Henry Flood but apart from that <,> ah <,> once they 're done the whole of Henry Flood will be done <#> But what I 'm hoping to do is go and arrange to meet the wards ' managers on each ward uh with Rachel Miller to try and explain to them what we 're trying to do and to see if we can get them on board <#> So it looks like we 're going to have to do something like that in order to get the message across <#> Uhm I 've made a rota for doing the swallow screening that I emailed round everybody<S1B-078$?> <#> On the sixth<S1B-078$C> <#> Oh yeah <&> laughs </&> <#> That 'll be a nice to come back present <#> Uhm <,> we we were thinking then about doing some joint training as well <,> uhm just to make sure it 's standardised because the policy 's changed a bit<S1B-078$A> <#> Okay <#> So two therapists training then<S1B-078$D> <#> So the supervisory bit then <,> you know you were sending supervisors to each ward<S1B-078$C> <#> Yeah<S1B-078$D> <#> Is that so so <,> could we get a call then to go up and supervise somebody doing their their three swallows<S1B-078$C> <#> Well no I wouldn't I wouldn't agree to do that so much <#> What what I 've been doing down in Henry Flood has been <,> I 've asked Elaine and Jim to do the supervised training but if I have a spare half an hour or something or if I 'm waiting to see somebody and I 've to wait for them to get sitting up in bed or something like that and there 's a nurse I 'll say do you want to go and do a supervised training now <#> You know kind of <{> <[> fit around my own schedule </[><S1B-078$D> <#> <[> Okay yes </[> </{> <#> Yeah okay<S1B-078$C> <#> Uhm because strictly speaking the nurses can can <.> sup </.> <,> the like the ones that have been using it all the time <{1> <[1> can </[1> supervise the new ones <{2> <[2> uhm </[2> and I I wouldn't commit to having to go up there the whole time to do the three trainings with every nurse but if you 're hanging around <,> you know <#> So I 've done quite a few supervised training before just because I 've been waiting for somebody else or I 've had a half an hour <{3> <[3> to spare before I go </[3> and do something else <,> <#> Uhm so it 's to do that kind of thing and it 's also to kind of keep an eye that people who haven't done training aren't doing the swallow screening<S1B-078$D> <#> <[1> Yeah </[1> </{1><S1B-078$D> <#> <[2> Right okay </[2> </{2><S1B-078$D> <#> <[3> Yeah yeah okay </[3> </{3><S1B-078$D> <#> I know what you mean <#> Mm<S1B-078$C> <#> Uhm<S1B-078$D> <#> Mm<S1B-078$C> <#> And just if uhm Rosie Daly has any problems just to like to relay them <,> that kind of thing <,> just to keep an eye on things really<S1B-078$A> <#> Okay <#> Grand <#> Okay <#> So nothing else on that <#> Uhm anybody need to add anything else to the agenda<&> simultaneous indistinct </&><S1B-078$A> <#> Oh <,> no <#> Sorry <#> I thought I had one <unclear> several sylls </unclear><&> simultaneous and unclear </&><S1B-078$A> <#> Nothing else <,,> <#> Nothing else to add on then <,,> <#> Uhm okay we 'll push on then <#> The AHP update I just put that on <,> in case there was anything<S1B-078$D> <#> There really wasn't <,> there wasn't any management team meeting <,> and when there isn't a management team meeting <,> there isn't a whole pile it was mostly about the OT service which is down further on <#> Well it 's actually next on the document anyway<S1B-078$A> <#> Okay<S1B-078$D> <#> Uhm it was really Sylvia was just uhm <,> brought up the fact that there 's now no OT service to general medical and general surgery <,> and she said that some of <#> I don't know did you go to speak to her but she said that some of the Physios and some of the OTs <,> or some of the social workers had been coming to her personally and saying <,> oh look we 've a patient please you have to do this and she said she 's getting a lot of hassle and she just asked if people could stop doing that please because there 's nothing she can do about it <#> She said literally they had one basic grade with a waiting list of sixty <,> and they had to cut it <,> you know <,> because <,> as she said <,> they have a duty of care to the staff as well <#> The patients are not going to be seen <,> there 's going to be no exceptions made because <,> as she said herself if <,> if that happens then nothing will change <,> <#> Uhm the CEO made the decision not to <,> not to fill any more of the posts uhm and that 's where the problem is <#> There 's no more funding for those posts and she 's not allowed fill them with agency staff <,> so she had to make a stand <#> Uhm so basically it 's going to hold up discharge uhm or else patients will be discharged unsafely <,> uhm and they 're probably going to come back in through Casualty but that 's probably the only way things 'll change <#> I think she had people lined up for the four posts but because it was so delayed they 've all since got other jobs<S1B-078$A?> <#> That 's terrible<S1B-078$D> <#> Mm <,> <#> So it is <,> I mean she said herself like it 's going to affect all the other services as well <,> but she 's just asked if you can kind of not be <,> because I think some of the OTs have got hassle <,> I don't know from any of the other allied health professions but certainly from doctors and from nurses they 're getting hassle and getting abuse down the phone so she asked that people could maybe just <,> you know accept the situation and <,><S1B-078$A> <#> Stop abusing<S1B-078$D> <#> Yeah<S1B-078$E> <#> Well that 's what uh the OT told me to do <#> She said go and speak to Sylvia about this<S1B-078$A> <#> Right<S1B-078$E> <#> So <,> I did<S1B-078$A> <#> Yeah<S1B-078$E> <#> So<S1B-078$A> <#> <unclear> several sylls </unclear><S1B-078$D> <#> I think they 're just totally fed up because <,> you know the same thing 's happening with dieticians <,> they 're not allowed fill their posts<S1B-078$?> <#> Yeah<S1B-078$D> <#> Uhm particularly with OT though I suppose because they don't have a paediatric one as well it just seems like they 're being completely hard done by<S1B-078$?> <#> Yeah <,> being victimised<S1B-078$?> <#> How many are they down now<S1B-078$D> <#> Four <,> no five<S1B-078$?> <#> Five right <,><S1B-078$?> <#> <unclear> several sylls </unclear><S1B-078$D> <#> Uh <,> no <,><S1B-078$A> <#> Okay <#> No other queries on that now<S1B-078$C?> <#> It 's crazy how that can happen though isn't it <#> Cos like physio have a full complement of all those<S1B-078$D> <#> But it it seems to be a bit hit and miss like we were always allowed advertise our posts and there was no problem with <,> you know if there was a locum available <,> just put the locum in place <#> But OTs there was a total <,> and I think the CEO said that they would stagger the recruitment <,> but they haven't <#> Like they 've completely blocked the five posts <#> They 're not allowed fill them <#> They 're not allowed get agency staff <#> It 's crazy<S1B-078$E> <#> And that was an informed decision <,> was it<S1B-078$D> <#> That was the CEO decided yeah <,> <#> They said that there was no funding <#> I think it was just unfortunate for them that five kind of five posts came up at the same time<S1B-078$C> <#> Mm<S1B-078$D> <#> And they weren't allowed replace any of them <#> You know it wasn't even like <,> well you can replace two out of the five it was just no you can't replace any of them<S1B-078$C> <#> That 's terrible<S1B-078$D> <#> Until January but if you 've got people lined up they 're not going to wait til January if they 've got something else available<S1B-078$C> <#> It must be quite stressful for them at the same time <#> Terrible<S1B-078$D> <#> That 's what she said <#> She said there 's a few more thinking of leaving now<S1B-078$C> <#> Yeah <unclear> 2 sylls </unclear> 's leaving <,> <#> There 's going to be no-one<S1B-078$D> <#> Because I think up until now it was always community care for OTs was like <,> oh major stress but now it 's<S1B-078$C> <#> Mm<S1B-078$D> <#> It 's not so bad <#> And I don't think it 's as bad in any other hospital because there isn't the same block on recruitment <,><S1B-078$D> <#> Poor Sylvia was nearly crying at the meeting yesterday <,><S1B-078$B?> <#> Must be awful <unclear> several sylls </unclear> for Christmas <unclear> several sylls </unclear><S1B-078$D> <#> I 'd say there probably just will be enough<S1B-078$C> <#> Yeah<S1B-078$A> <#> Alright then<&> simultaneous and unclear </&><S1B-078$D> <#> Grand <#> Uhm projects <#> The dementia support group<S1B-078$E> <#> Yeah I just asked to put that on <#> Uhm <,> it 's more really Rebecca who 's involved with this than myself <,> but uhm <#> The dementia support group is going to be run again I think in <.> Jan </.> <,> no February <,> is that the planning time <,> for <,> eight weeks <#> And just if anyone has any patients that they think would be suitable <,> for their carers to attend <,> let us know <#> Cos we 're looking for names <#> That 's all really<S1B-078$B?> <#> And we 're hoping to send the letters out in the first week of January so if we could get the names ASAP <,><S1B-078$A> <#> Names to Maria or Lisa<S1B-078$E> <#> Yeah<S1B-078$B> <#> Okay<S1B-078$A> <#> Alright then <unclear> several sylls </unclear><S1B-078$F> <#> Uhm <,> just that myself and Cheryl want to get back going <,> on that <&> laughter </&> <#> Uhm we have <,> this is the template at the moment so far the draft that Laura 's up done for what we have out but as we said in the last meeting we still don't know what way to give it to them <,> whether we should try and put it onto something or if we just give it to them plain in poster format <#> Uhm we were hoping to get feedback and Sybil was saying she has a few GP friends and maybe to get some feedback from them on what they like getting <,> getting through the door and what they would throw out <#> So cos <,> if we 're going to be especially laminating everything or putting everything onto it we want it to be worthwhile <,> moneywise <,> so uhm we don't want to rush into it <#> Uhm as I said in the last meeting we have the catchment area of GPs but if we could uhm ask around certainly and get some feedback from people to find out what would be a useful way of giving it to them<S1B-078$D> <#> Yeah <,> I still think it probably needs to go along with <,> not a training session but some kind of <,> you actually going to speak to them face-to-face or some little bit more contact cos if that literally just on its own with a letter arrives on the door they 're not going to read it <,> they 're just going to chuck it in the bin <,> I would say <#> Cos they get so much stuff in<S1B-078$C> <#> Even a personal delivery on it or something<S1B-078$F> <#> Well there are over three hundred GPs in the catchment area <,> so I doubt we could do that <#> Uhm and I suppose we would have to get support if we 're going to be inviting the GPs in <#> Uhm I don't know how many would show up <#> If they 're not going to read the poster are they going to drive over to the hospital<S1B-078$A> <#> What about the GP study days <#> There was one about three weeks ago <#> They have one two or three times a year <,> <#> They are arranged <,> <unclear> 2 sylls </unclear> was at a meeting yesterday somewhere <,> where was it <#> <unclear> several sylls </unclear> <#> There was one about three or four weeks ago<S1B-078$F> <#> Oh<S1B-078$A> <#> Uhm they 're arranged externally but they 're always held here<S1B-078$F> <#> Mm<S1B-078$C?> <#> I don't know who arranges them<S1B-078$F> <#> I should look into that<S1B-078$C> <#> Yeah <#> Do you remember about three weeks ago there were signs up along the corridor <,> <quote> GP study day down at the education centre </quote><S1B-078$E> <#> Yeah maybe<S1B-078$C> <#> But I just don't know who organises it</I>